<div class="container">

<div class="content-section">

# Welcome to Smart-ID demo page

This page will give you short overview of the Smart-ID and helps you getting started.

</div>

<div class="content-section">

## Smart-ID description

Smart-ID is the next generation solution for managing your identity online. With Smart-ID you can log into 3rd party websites and give legally valid digital signature. Smart-ID works in your mobile phone or tablet and doesn't require specially issued SIM-card.

The demo version has the following functionality:

1.  User can use Smart-ID to log into the website (bank123 demo portal).
2.  User can login Smart-ID self service portal [https://sid.demo.sk.ee/portal/](https://sid.demo.sk.ee/portal) and get an overview of accounts and to delete an account.

</div>

<div class="content-section">

## Getting started

Getting Smart-ID up and running is easy. Follow those easy 4 steps:

1.  **Registration & Installation**
    1.  Steps to install on Android platform (minimum Android 4.1 required):

        [https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.stagnationlab.sk](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.stagnationlab.sk) 

    2.  Steps to install on iOS (minimum iOS8 required):
        1.  Send your e-mail address to [support@sk.ee](mailto:support@sk.ee?subject=Smart-ID%20closed%20beta%20installation%20request%20for%20iOS%20beta&body=Hello!%20Please%20activate%20the%20Smart-ID%20beta%20application%20for%20me.%20My%20e-mail%20address%20is:) (E-mail subject: Smart-ID closed beta installation request for iOS beta).
        2.  Wait for response from support and activate account
        3.  Wait for e-mail to redeem Testflight app testing
2.  **Start the app**
    1.  Start the Smart-ID app and choose the Register button.
3.  **Prove your identity**
    1.  For beta version, you can choose to prove your identity via Swedbank Estonia, Swedbank Latvia or SEB Estonia bank links.
    2.  Just make your selection and you'll be redirected to the bank's Internet bank and you are asked to login with code card, ID-card or Mobile-ID.
    3.  After successful login, you'll arrive back in the app, just confirm that your name and national identification number is correct.
    4.  If you don't have Swedbank or SEB Estonia bank account, you can still try out the app by entering your personal data manually.
4.  **Enter your PIN1 and PIN2**
    1.  The app asks for your PIN1 and PIN2 code. PIN1 is for protecting your authentication key pair and PIN2 is for protecting your signature key pair, same way as with ID-card and Mobile-ID.
    2.  You can choose the random codes, generated by app, or enter your own favorite PIN code
    3.  Either way, make sure you remember the codes afterwards.

Your Smart-ID account is now ready to use

</div>

<div class="content-section">

## Try it out

To see the Smart-ID in action and to actually use it to log into a website and give the digital signature, you can try the following beta services.

*   [http://smid.demo.sk.ee/](http://smid.demo.sk.ee/#login) Bank123 demo portal to demonstrate Smart-ID for online banking services

</div>

<div class="content-section">

## Smart-ID integration

Use following specification for integrating Smart-ID into your system:

*   [Smart-ID Relying Party integration guide and API specification](https://github.com/SK-EID/smart-id-documentation)

In demo environment you can use following configuration:

*   The base URL for DEMO environment is https://sid.demo.sk.ee/smart-id-rp/v1/
*   relyingPartyUUID: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
*   relyingPartyName: DEMO
*   Smart-ID login buttons. Free to use! [Download](https://github.com/SK-EID/smart-id-documentation/raw/master/files/Smart-ID_login.zip)

NB! DEMO relyingPartyUUID has no access to Smart-ID Basic accounts.

*   When using "certificateLevel":"ADVANCED" in requests then HTTP error _403 Forbidden_ is returned.
*   When user has only Smart-ID Basic account then HTTP error _404 Not Found_ is returned.

[Smart-ID signature verification and verification code calculation example in java](https://github.com/SK-EID/smart-id-documentation/blob/master/files/verify.java)

[Smart-ID verification code calculation example in php](https://github.com/SK-EID/smart-id-documentation/blob/master/files/control_code.php)

</div>

<div class="content-section">

## Give us feedback

All feedback to the beta version is much appreciated. Please send it to the e-mail address [support@sk.ee](mailto:support@sk.ee?subject=Smart-ID%20closed%20beta%20feedback)

When you report a problem, please include at least the following information:

*   E-mail subject: Smart-ID closed beta feedback
*   detailed description of the problem (if possible with screenshots)
*   date and time when the problem occurred
*   your device model and version of the operating system
*   your personal code
*   your account UUID, you will find it on SmartID App account management section

</div>

<div class="content-section">

## Release notes

15.06.2016

*   First public beta release

29.06.2016

*   Added manual registration possibility (in addition to Swedbank EE and SEB EE bank authentication)
*   Improved PIN-pad view
*   Added loader and Smart-ID logo to the bank authentication view header
*   Updated PIN creation flow in registration:
    *   Added PIN intro view
    *   Updated titles and descriptions
    *   Added "PIN1/2 saved" animation
    *   When using "Remember PIN”, then PIN needs to be confirmed only one time
*   Updated error message texts
*   Improved device name displaying (iOS)
*   “Wrong PIN message” view shows now attempts left (iOS)
*   Improved “Check transaction” button behaviour (iOS)

01.07.2016

*   Added bank authentication support for Swedbank customers in Latvia

19.08.2016

*   Multi-device support (user has several active accounts on different devices). When user has multiple active accounts and a new transaction occurs, a confirmation screen is shown
*   Changed bank selection during banklink authentication. User has to choose first the bank and afterwards the country of the residence.
*   Implemented language changing. Currently allows to change between English and Estonian. By default, device system language is used.
*   Added bank authentication support for Swedbank customers in Lithuania
*   Added asking user phone number to the registration process. During registration user should enter his e-mail or phone number.
*   Improved push notification sending to iOS devices
*   Some UX improvements
*   RP JSON/RPC API improvements
*   Several internal improvements

16.09.2016

*   Multilevel PIN locking. After three incorrect PIN entries, the authentication or signing function is locked for 3 hours. Upon another three incorrect PIN entries, the function is locked for 24 hours. After 24 hours the user has a possibility to enter the PIN codes three more times - if all entries are still invalid then the account is locked and certificates are revoked. To use Smart-ID the user must go through the registration process again.
*   Major changes as regards the issuance process (CSR signing). These are mostly internal changes and don't affect the user flow.
*   Some UX improvements
*   The first version of self service portal available at [https://sid.demo.sk.ee/portal/](https://sid.demo.sk.ee/portal) . The current version supports only login with Smart-ID, contains a possibility to get an overview of user accounts and to close an account

25.10.2016

*   Added Latvian, Lithuanian and Russian languages
*   Added Google analytics
*   Improved push messages speed on iOS platform;
*   Dropped JSON/RPC integration API support.
*   Several changes in self service portal, including mobile view.

02.11.2016

*   New visual
*   Added uservoice feedback system

30.11.2016

*   ID-card based registration for Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania
*   Redesigned home screen, issuance method and country selection
*   Redesigned self-service portal
*   General UX improvements

20.12.2016

*   Due to popular demand, custom PIN selection is now set as default
*   ID-card registration optimisation: contact data is now entered in self-service portal
*   Audio notifications (for transactions) in iOS platform
*   Many visual tweaks and fixes

02.01.2017

*   Smart-ID has a new look - white background for Smart-ID and blue for Smart-ID Basic
*   Full support for 5 languages implemented - in addition to English and Russian, we support all Baltic languages (Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian)
*   Improved user experience - account registration with ID-card is made much easier for you!
*   Keeping in mind your safety and security reasons, easy PIN-codes (e.g 1234, 0000) are not allowed

28.02.2017

*   More reliable PIN dialogue notification for Android
*   Personal code not shown on home screen
*   Fixed the bug which blocked registering account with multiple first names via banklink
*   Bug fixes, performance and usability improvements

</div>

</div>